Gennie Cheatham
9/27/18 
CS 240: System Requirements
User Requirements: 
I am in charge of part of the User Interface of our system. My part of the project builds off of Sara’s part of the project which is the homepage for our website. Emma’s part, which is the feedback and commentary section builds off of my part of the project which is making the pages for the professors and their courses. The first part is making sure that every professor has a page. Once the user types a professors name into the search bar then the website shall navigate them to the professor’s page by having them select the professors name from a drop down menu. The page shall contain the Professor’s name, a photo of him/her, the subject they usually teach, and then a list of the classes that they are teaching that semester. It is important to note that if a user searches a professor that does not yet exist in our system, the drop down menu shall show an option that says “create a new professor” and  it shall take the user to a page where they can input information and make their professor a page that contains their information, and the class that the user is wishing to give feedback on. These are all functional requirements because all of these requirements have to do with how the system shall react to different outputs and inputs as well as the different services that the professor’s pages shall contain. The other part of the project that I am responsible for is making the pages for each of the classes that the professor teaches. Each class page shall contain a little blurb of information about the class and then have two tabs to navigate to in order to give feedback: lectures and projects. Similar to the drop down menu that we shall have for the professors, below the name of the professor on their page shall be a list of the classes that they teach. If the class that the user wants does not appear then there shall be an option to add another class where the user can input the name of the class, and a little blurb of information about the subject. These are also all functional requirements. One limitation that we have to keep in mind is that we cannot control whether or not the user can spell or know the name of the professor and/or the class that they teach. This is a nonfunctional requirement because it does not really affect the implementation of our website. 

System Requirements: 
The website is going to fluid and easy to navigate this means that there need to be no errors for the user when they are trying to navigate from tab to tab. This means that we need to make sure that there is seamless transition between the different parts of our website and that they are all connected. This is a nonfunctional requirement because it has to do with how we want our website to run. In terms of searching for the professor we want there to be a drop down menu of all the professors that we already have in our website, this means we need a way to store the data. This is a functional requirement. Since there is only so many professors at a university or a school I do not necessarily think that there is going to be trouble with the memory for our website but we do need to be careful that we have the smallest amount of memory possible to contain our data so that our website is still fast and efficient. This is a nonfunctional requirement because it has to do with the limitations of our website. As opposed to the drop down menu that we have for the professor’s part of the page, we are going to have a list of classes that act as a link that then take the user to the page where they can give feedback on the lectures and the projects. These classes that are listed are going to be imbedded links that immediately take the user to the class page. This is a functional requirement. 
